OBYG ? SeungHwan_Kim/ DongHyuk_Kim/Yujeong_Lee/Hyerin_Kim

Group Project Question Identified
-Which factors affect to house energy efficiency?-

1. Why are you investigating this question?
 As a college students, there are many things that we have to prepare for new semester. Among such things, the biggest problem we face and consider the most would be the problem of "Choosing a House" for sure. We say that food, clothing, shelter are 3 necessities of living, and there is no doubt that residential environment is closely connected with quality of life.
 That is why not even college students, but also people who just got out of college, newlyweds, and couples who prepare for their old age put much effort choosing rather suitable house. 
 If there is no limit in money and time, we don't have to struggle choosing it, but unfortunately most of us are unter time and financial constraints. After all, we should deal with a matter of choice.  

2. How are you going to try and answer your question?
  What it means that pleasant and comfortable house for people? How can we estimate the satisfied qualitative variables for statistical analysis? For the first time, We would represent 'Heating load' and 'Cooling load' for objectification of satisfactory and comfortable in this group project.
  The Heating load is defined as "The amount of heat energy that would need to be added to a space to maintain the temperature in an acceptable range". and The cooling load is "The amount of heat energy that would need to be removed from a space (cooling) to maintain the temperature in an acceptable range".

  The heating and cooling loads, or "thermal loads", take into account:
1) the dwelling's construction and insulation; including floors, walls, ceilings and roof; and 2) the dwelling's glazing and skylights; based on size, performance, shading and overshadowing. 

2.2 The factors which make house comfortable
And then, What is the variable which affects Thermal loads? We expect that there are lots of variables affects thermal loads. There are the size of window, the size of house, the orientation of house. In this project, we would investigate which variables are significant to thermal load, and how much does they affect.   


3. What are the limitations of your question?
For this investigation, we can bump into the limitation of represent "pleasant and comfortable" with Single Index, Thermal load(Heating load & Cooling load).
Furthermore we have to deal with uncountable variables such as orientation, but we don't have appropriate statistical skill yet as undergraduate student. It will reduce the kinds of data we can deal with.

4. Who else has answered this question? How will you build Upon other work done with this question?
  Though, there is a research of  FC McQuiston, JD Parker as much cited research, that is old research and there has been many change of materials and development of construction techniques for 30 years, we need to set effect of novel variables. Besides, there are researches of effect analysis on the Thermal Load by balcony of apartment house(YongTaek Park, 2000), analysis and design of heating, ventilating, and air conditioning(FC McQuiston. et al. 1982), and cooling load prediction for buildings using general regression neural networks(Elsevier, 2004).
 Most existing researches analyzed the influence of specific variable. This research, considering the researchers' technological limitation, includes process exploring variables which significantly affect Thermal Load and process comparing the influences between each variable. 


5. Provide references
1) The Building Sustainability Index (BASIX) ,New Sounth Wales Goverment, http://www.basix.nsw.gov.au
2) Effect Analysis on the Thermal Load by Balcony of Apartment House(2000), Yong-seung Park, Eun-taek Lee, Hee-ghi Hong
3) Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning: analysis and design(1982), FC McQuiston, JD Parker ? osti.gov
4) Cooling load prediction for buildings using general regression neural networks
AE Ben-Nakhi, MA Mahmoud - Energy Conversion and Management(2004), Elsevier
